it looks great that little bug and how they
I said one Sunday very Sunday with
this warm lady if you have some
patio some garden cited sálganse although
be wednesday enjoy the outdoors
rich in family of course and if not of
all ways in here inside the house
we can make a very rich Wednesday and
very fresh with the Peruvian ceviche the
course this grilled chick that
let's prepare with a marinade
very good and very simple if you want to
look like we 're going straight to the
ingredients for you at home
take note for this marinated chicken let's go
to need 12 pieces of chicken half
cup of soy sauce a can of beer
dark half cup of mashed sugar
a lemon just the zest an orange
just the zest two teaspoons of
chopped ginger 2 cloves of garlic
crushed a lemon just the juice two
chopped jalapeño peppers
salt to taste and well then if they want
accompany with some rich tea this rich
chick can be with white rice and that
the truth is that this chick to me
like it a lot because it's pretty
light and with a lot of flavor like that is
Well, well let's start with
prepare our marinade that good then
As you know, it will only be integrated
all the ingredients
this way has a lot of favor if not
has for example some people with the
ginger that later do not put it if
They try to put all our the
ingredients although definitions of that
I tell myself that it gives a very
special the way to look great
so it's worth the soy sauce the
we put here
the dark beer we are also going to
add the purchase just a few cans
one or two cans there is a supermarket
dark beer for this marinade and
then get good sugar
The finished sugar is mashed
we put in addition that he will give you a
little flavor goes
that caramelized color to the chick that goes
to look great and it's going to be like a lot
higher jable important points for
the grill is good because the main thing is
that we avoid
that we bite the meat many times what
What we do is chop the meat trying
to absorb a little more the marinade
upside down instead of absorbing the
marinated the only thing we do is make
is play then let's avoid please the
be chopping the meat even if it's the
chicken even if it's beef whatever
try not to do it and something also
very important is to place the
grilled pieces little by little and good
Well, the first ones you have to cook
is the pork meat the chicken and the meat
of beef and of course and then later
They may be the last of things like
chorizo sausage or things
cook much faster because
put them to the last and well then
of course something very important in the
part of the chicken is that the flattened chicken
works very well on chicken breast
flattening works very well for
grilled if we have the pieces of
chicken how are we going to do here in the
program today is maybe going
to take a little bit cooking
inside then we have to the best
do it inside the house in a pan
where we can cover it so that it
Concentrate heat and cook well
well inside especially when they are
pretty thick pieces and you're like
suddenly the breast that is a bit thick
or the bust a bit successful
suddenly we can take us so it's that
eye nothing else with that if they are going to do it
the garden on the grid after
do it with flattened breast we're going to
put a little salt just now
we have here our mixture of the
marinated ideally of course is
put chicken pieces or breasts
to flat
for about half an hour
let's go varnished with the marinade
little by little our chicken and this is going
help also to give it enough heat and
of color of course not heat color and
Well, let's go here to put a
little bit of oil in this game and
is doing us inside the house
inside the house can be perfect
lady and nothing else here a little
of oil and we're going to put our
pieces over medium heat if they are
doing here in the kitchen and they are not going to
cover over medium heat please
so that it is finished cooking inside
especially the chicken let's go
putting nothing else with a brush
let's try to continually put a little
more of the marinade but with a brush
nothing more with a
with a spoon I'm putting a little
more of the marinade
in addition that it is impregnated
little bit more and it will also be
good color and good taste
let's wait a few minutes and then
what do you think if we hope here that
our chick is well well golden
on one side and then turn it over
next and good then while we
we go all the tenth a commercial cut
New lady deserves to be done because no
We are with this chicken poultry and
of course with that pineapple country that does not
can be lost so we're going a
cut we go back
step by step chicken marina grid
in the chicken pieces with all the
Ingredients for 30 minutes heated
a grill or pan type grill and
place the pieces varnishing
constantly with the marinade and giving
turns cooking until the pieces
they are cooked served by accompanying
white rice